= Bubble

Bubble is a library for crating HTML from basic Ruby data structures.

== Installation

Bubble is a gem.

    gem install bubble

== Examples

Bubble can convert arrays and symbols into tags and hashes into attributes.

If you want to create simple tags:

    b = Bubble.new([:h1, "Entitling!"])
    b.to_html
    # => "<h1>Entitling!</h1>"

Or if you want a tag with attributes:

    link = Bubble.new([:a, {:href => "/images/free_cat.jpg"}, "Free Cat!"])
    link.to_html
    # => "<a href="/images/free_cat.jpg">Free Cat!</a>"

Empty tags:

    sad_and_alone = Bubble.new([:p])
    sad_and_alone.to_html
    # => "<p />"

Or even nested tags:

    blurb = Bubble.new([:marquee, {:style => 'font-weight: bold'}, [:font, "Arial",[:size, "smaller", [:b, "Made with DreamWeaver!"]]]])
    blurb.to_html
    # => "<marquee style="font-weight: bold"><font><Arial><size><smaller><b>Made with DreamWeaver!</b></smaller></size></Arial></font></marquee>"

Since Bubble objects are just repurposed Arrays and Hashes, you can perform all the same operations on them.

    b = Bubble.new
    b[0] = :p
    b << "Parachute Pants!"
    b += [{:class => "hammer#{Time.new.class.name.downcase}"}]
    b.last.merge!(:action => 'Stop!')
    b.to_html
    # => "<p class="hammertime" action="Stop!">Parachute Pants!</p>"

== Purpose

While it's certainly conceivable that you could build an entire templating system around Bubble, it's intended to create and programatically maniuplate small snippets of HTML.

Ruby has an excellent library for working with arrays and hashes, and Bubble lets you work within the standard library instead of trying to wrangle raw HTML into a manipulable format.

== Contributing to Bubble
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Eric Budd. See LICENSE.txt for further details.

